(air whooshing)
Alright.
We have a bit of a problem now where if you
put an item into your cart and you try to delete
that item, first, we get an error that says
the change you are trying to make would violate
the cart to item between cart and item,
and second, if we are actually able to delete it,
well then what do we do if it's in somebody's cart?
We need to somehow show that that item
has been removed or just remove it from the cart entirely.
Let's first fix this right here and I believe
that's in our...let's go to our backend here.
Open up our Data Model and find our cart item.
This is saying the item is absolutely required
with a bang on it and I think we are wrong
in that because it is possible to have a cart
item where the item has been deleted
and therefore, does not exist.
Lets take that requirement away and
give out a save and lets go redeploy it.
Gonna start it up again and now when I try
to delete an item, it actually deletes that item.
You still see it here 'cause we haven't refetched
the cart, but if I give the page a refresh,
now we get bit of an error here, cannot read property
image of null and it's because its trying to pull
the item's image when the item doesn't exist.
Lets go to our front end here, open up our cart dot JS,
and open up our cart item dot JS, and we'll simply just go
up here and we'll change this to a return
and we'll change this to a block with curly-brackets.
Then above here we will need to first
check if that item exists.
If there was no cart item dot item, we'll just return
null or you could return a paragraph tag that says
this item has been removed.
There ya go.
It just says this item has been removed, you could probably
also take the cart item styles instead
of the paragraph and just wrap it in a cart-item styles.
Then we get bit of a nice little one, actually,
you could probably even further have the remove from cart
button inside of here so that if somebody does want it...
there ya go...I can still remove the item from my cart
even if it is being removed.
Lookin' good.
Okay, that's the solving of that issue.
If you really wanted to you could also do a refetch
of the current user's cart, but I am gonna leave it at that.
The next video we're gonna look at the Render Prop
mess that we sort of have ourselves in.